README.md, before:

# WomenInTech Blog

A WomenInTech OpenSource Blog site. Allows various authors to put down their thoughts into writing
regarding variety of topics including technical writing, personal tech journey and non-technical topics in the tech field.


# Contributing to the Blog

To contribute to the Blog, follow the step by step guide stated in this article to aid https://tambua-womenintech-blog.github.io/womenintechblog/How-to-add-a-blog.


### Develop & Build

Once installed or cloned locally and all packages are installed you can begin developing your site.

```sh
# Clean project localhost
yarn run clean

# Run localhost
yarn run dev

# Build your project
yarn build
```

To confirm your changes navigate to
http://localhost:8000/admin to view the editor.

### Creating a Pull Request

You have to add atleast one reviewer when creating a pull request, that must be approved by the reviewers first before merging

### Help

If you don't have *yarn* installed follow the [yarn getting started guide](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/getting-started) 

For more information visit the [Theme repository](https://github.com/narative/gatsby-theme-novela)

Commit message:

Hotfix (#11)
* add a new blog

* update readme

* add backtickss and remove unncessary sections

* correct backtick positions

Co-authored-by: JosephineAkello <josephineakello2030@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Maureen Josephine <39112051+JosephineAkello@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# WomenInTech Blog

![cover](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39112051/113208193-2e934180-927a-11eb-8346-8d8721e65a23.png)


A WomenInTech OpenSource Blog site. Allows various authors to put down their thoughts into writing
regarding variety of topics including technical writing, personal tech journey and non-technical topics within tech field.


# Contributing to the Blog

To contribute to the Blog, follow the step by step guide stated in this article to aid https://tambua-womenintech-blog.github.io/womenintechblog/How-to-add-a-blog.


### Develop & Build

Once installed or cloned locally and all packages are installed you can begin developing your site.

```sh
# Clean project localhost
yarn run clean

# Run localhost
yarn run dev

# Build your project
yarn build
```

To confirm your changes navigate to
http://localhost:8000

### Creating Branches

Here are the branch naming conventions:

* A Blog should use : `Blog/your-git-username/title of the blog`   

* A chore should use : `chore/the chore name`

* A feature should use : `feature/the feature name`

* A hotfix should use :  `hotfix/the hotfix name`

### Creating a Pull Request

You have to add atleast one reviewer when creating a pull request, that must be approved by the reviewers first before merging
